# Exercise: The repeat function

## Overview
In this course, you have explored higher-order functions 
and examined examples of higher-order functions in use. 
In this exercise, you will define a higher-order function called the `repeat` 
which is provided by the Kotlin standard library.

## Scenario
Let’s say the family restaurant Little Lemon, 
introduces a Christmas offer where a customer can spin a discount wheel three times, 
and the highest value amongst each spin would be rewarded as the discount percentage to the customer for their next order. 
You need to write code that would print the discount value spun by the wheel in each attempt,
as well as the final discount percentage rewarded to the customer.

## Definition of key topic
To do this, you are going to use the `repeat` function provided by the Kotlin standard library.
The `repeat` function is a higher-order function that executes a given function a specified number of times.

The `repeat` function’s definition is as follows:
```kotlin
inline fun repeat(times: Int, action: (Int) -> Unit)
```

The `repeat` function takes two parameters:
1. An integer `times` representing the number of times the function needs to be executed.
2. `action` - A function-type object that needs to be executed. 
   Its parameter is of type Int, representing the repeat function's index count.

## Instructions

### Step 1: Define the repeat function
In the function `main`, define the function `repeat` with the integer argument as 3
since the wheel will be spun three times. 
Then define an empty function body lambda. 
This will later contain the logic to generate a random value
that would represent the discount percentage value resulting from a wheel spin.

### Step 2: Define the discount wheel logic
To define the discount wheel logic, use the `nextInt` function of the `Random` class inside the repeat function’s lambda. 
Let’s say you need to generate a random discount percentage less than 10 percent, 
then generate the number as:
```kotlin
Random.nextInt(10)
```

You will also need to add the `import` statement at the top:
```kotlin
import kotlin.random.Random
```

Store this randomly generated discount value in a variable `discount`.

### Step 3: Print each attempt value and the highest of all discount values
Print the attempt values as:
```
Attempt 1: 5
Attempt 2: 8
Attempt 3: 3
```

To print the attempt values, use the parameter in the function lambda. 
Denote it by using `index` and use it in the `print` statement.
To print the highest value amongst all discount values, 
define a variable `maximumDiscountValue` before the repeat function and initialize it as 0. 
Then, in the repeat function, check if the value generated by the wheel spin is greater than `maximumDiscountValue`. 
If yes, set that value as the new `maximumDiscountValue`.

Finally, outside the repeat function, and at the end of the `main` function, 
print the value of `maximumDiscountValue`.

## Conclusion
In this exercise, you learned how to define and use the repeat function provided by the Kotlin standard library. 
It is similar to a loop and is used to execute function block(s) a specified number of times.